Mr. Ip, this is the Qin family.
The great masters here ask you to respect yourselves.
Unfortunately, he is a useless rich man.
What feng shui does he know?
Secretary, these are all the people he sent to install my hole.
You believe me.
Then you tell me what this is.
You didn't say that, did you?
All right, let me hear it.
It's all your blood.
Only the blood of the admirer.
To prevent gas from entering the body.
My Qin family suffered this disaster.
Thank you.
The villain is shameless
It's amazing.
This murder weapon turns out to be your composition.
Do you still want to direct yourself?
Stealing the trust of the owner.
It's cruel.
I thought it was young talent.
I can't believe he's a bad guy.
You are full of evil intentions.
Dare to touch my son-in-law.
Someone came to get it for me.
I'd like to leave three points for your love debt.
I can't believe you're so ungrateful.
Hurry up.
What are you standing there for?
Let's do it.
Right.
Ah.
Don't move! Let my brother go!
You even touched my son by a hair.
I will make it impossible for you to leave the city.
The Little Qin
Dare to threaten
Everyone can be at peace.
You've got to hear this.
I did it myself.
After all, it's a generation of kings.
One of the four gods of the Dragon Soul Organization.
You just arrest a normal person with no power to tie a chicken.
If you're not ashamed
You are quietly investigating.
Only one person died today.
Or he dies.
Or you could die for him.